org.argouml.application.Main initializeSubsystems(SimpleTimer,SplashScreen) Refinement
org.argouml.moduleloader.ModuleLoader2 huntForModules() Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.ModelMemberFilePersister registerDiagramsInternal(Project,Collection,boolean) Refinement
org.argouml.sequence2.diagram.UMLSequenceDiagram postLoad() Refinement
org.argouml.ui.cmd.GenericArgoMenuBar initMenuCreate() Refinement
org.argouml.ui.explorer.ExplorerPopup ExplorerPopup(Object,MouseEvent) Refinement
org.argouml.ui.explorer.ExplorerPopup initMenuCreateDiagrams() Refinement
org.argouml.ui.explorer.PerspectiveManager getDefaultPerspectives() Refinement
org.argouml.ui.explorer.rules.GoNamespaceToDiagram getChildren(Object) Refinement
org.argouml.ui.explorer.rules.GoStatemachineToDiagram Refinement
org.argouml.ui.explorer.rules.GoStatemachineToDiagram getChildren(Object) Refinement
org.argouml.uml.diagram.DiagramFactory DiagramFactory() Refinement
org.argouml.uml.diagram.DiagramFactory createDiagram(Class,Object,Object) Refinement
org.argouml.uml.diagram.DiagramFactory createInternal(DiagramType,Object,Object,DiagramSettings) Refinement
org.argouml.uml.diagram.UmlDiagramRenderer getFigNodeFor(Object,int,int,Map) Refinement
org.argouml.uml.diagram.activity.ui.UMLActivityDiagram Refinement
org.argouml.uml.diagram.activity.ui.UMLActivityDiagram drop(Object,Point) Refinement
org.argouml.uml.diagram.activity.ui.UMLActivityDiagram getActionCallEvent()
org.argouml.uml.diagram.activity.ui.UMLActivityDiagram getActionChangeEvent()
org.argouml.uml.diagram.activity.ui.UMLActivityDiagram getActionForkPseudoState()
org.argouml.uml.diagram.activity.ui.UMLActivityDiagram getActionJoinPseudoState()
org.argouml.uml.diagram.activity.ui.UMLActivityDiagram getActionJunctionPseudoState()
org.argouml.uml.diagram.activity.ui.UMLActivityDiagram getActionSignalEvent()
org.argouml.uml.diagram.activity.ui.UMLActivityDiagram getActionStartPseudoState()
org.argouml.uml.diagram.activity.ui.UMLActivityDiagram getActionTimeEvent()
org.argouml.uml.diagram.activity.ui.UMLActivityDiagram getStateMachine() Refinement
org.argouml.uml.diagram.activity.ui.UMLActivityDiagram getTriggerActions()
org.argouml.uml.diagram.state.ui.UMLStateDiagram Refinement
org.argouml.uml.diagram.ui.ActionAddConcurrentRegion actionPerformed(ActionEvent) Refinement