org.argouml.application.Main Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.AbstractFilePersister Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.ArgoParser Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.ArgoTokenTable Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.DiagramMemberFilePersister Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.FigEdgeHandler Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.InterruptedIOException Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.ModelMemberFilePersister Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.MultitypeFileFilter Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.OldModelMemberFilePersister Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.OldZargoFilePersister Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.OpenException Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.PGMLStackParser Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.PersistenceException Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.PrivateHandler Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.ProfileConfigurationFilePersister Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.ProfileConfigurationParser Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.ProfileConfigurationTokenTable Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.ProjectFileView Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.SAXParserBase Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.SaveException Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.SubInputStream Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.UmlFilePersister Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.UmlVersionException Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.VersionException Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.XmiFilePersister Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.XmiFormatException Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.XmiInputStream Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.XmlFilePersister Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.XmlFilterOutputStream Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.XmlInputStream Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.ZargoFilePersister Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.ZipFilePersister Refinement
org.argouml.profile.UserDefinedProfile UserDefinedProfile(String,URL,Set<String>)
org.argouml.ui.cmd.GenericArgoMenuBar Refinement
org.argouml.ui.cmd.ShortcutMgr Refinement
org.argouml.ui.explorer.ExplorerPopup Refinement
org.argouml.ui.explorer.PerspectiveManager Refinement
org.argouml.ui.explorer.rules.GoClassifierToCollaboration
org.argouml.ui.explorer.rules.GoCollaborationToDiagram
org.argouml.ui.explorer.rules.GoCollaborationToInteraction
org.argouml.ui.explorer.rules.GoModelToCollaboration
org.argouml.ui.explorer.rules.GoOperationToCollaboration
org.argouml.ui.explorer.rules.GoProjectToCollaboration
org.argouml.uml.diagram.DiagramFactory Refinement
org.argouml.uml.diagram.UmlDiagramRenderer Refinement
org.argouml.uml.diagram.collaboration.CollabDiagramGraphModel
org.argouml.uml.diagram.collaboration.ui.ActionAddClassifierRole
org.argouml.uml.diagram.collaboration.ui.CollabDiagramRenderer
org.argouml.uml.diagram.collaboration.ui.CollaborationDiagramPropPanelFactory
org.argouml.uml.diagram.collaboration.ui.FigAssociationRole
org.argouml.uml.diagram.collaboration.ui.FigClassifierRole
org.argouml.uml.diagram.collaboration.ui.FigMessageGroup
org.argouml.uml.diagram.collaboration.ui.InitCollaborationDiagram
org.argouml.uml.diagram.collaboration.ui.PropPanelUMLCollaborationDiagram
org.argouml.uml.diagram.collaboration.ui.SelectionClassifierRole
org.argouml.uml.diagram.collaboration.ui.UMLCollaborationDiagram
org.argouml.uml.diagram.ui.ActionAddMessage addMessage(Object) Refinement
org.argouml.uml.diagram.ui.FigMessage Refinement
org.argouml.uml.diagram.ui.FigMessage addPathItemToFigAssociationRole(Layer)
org.argouml.uml.ui.ActionCollaborationDiagram
org.argouml.uml.ui.behavior.activity_graphs.ActionNewEntryCallAction actionPerformed(ActionEvent) Refinement