org.argouml.application.Main Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.AbstractFilePersister Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.ArgoParser Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.ArgoTokenTable Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.DiagramMemberFilePersister Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.FigEdgeHandler Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.InterruptedIOException Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.ModelMemberFilePersister Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.MultitypeFileFilter Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.OldModelMemberFilePersister Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.OldZargoFilePersister Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.OpenException Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.PGMLStackParser Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.PersistenceException Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.PrivateHandler Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.ProfileConfigurationFilePersister Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.ProfileConfigurationParser Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.ProfileConfigurationTokenTable Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.ProjectFileView Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.SAXParserBase Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.SaveException Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.SubInputStream Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.UmlFilePersister Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.UmlVersionException Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.VersionException Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.XmiFilePersister Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.XmiFormatException Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.XmiInputStream Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.XmlFilePersister Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.XmlFilterOutputStream Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.XmlInputStream Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.ZargoFilePersister Refinement
org.argouml.persistence.ZipFilePersister Refinement
org.argouml.profile.UserDefinedProfile UserDefinedProfile(String,URL,Set<String>)
org.argouml.ui.cmd.GenericArgoMenuBar Refinement
org.argouml.ui.cmd.ShortcutMgr Refinement
org.argouml.ui.explorer.ExplorerPopup Refinement
org.argouml.ui.explorer.PerspectiveManager Refinement
org.argouml.ui.explorer.rules.GoBehavioralFeatureToStateDiagram
org.argouml.ui.explorer.rules.GoClassifierToStateMachine
org.argouml.ui.explorer.rules.GoCompositeStateToSubvertex
org.argouml.ui.explorer.rules.GoNamespaceToDiagram Refinement
org.argouml.ui.explorer.rules.GoProjectToStateMachine
org.argouml.ui.explorer.rules.GoStateMachineToState
org.argouml.ui.explorer.rules.GoStateMachineToTop
org.argouml.ui.explorer.rules.GoStateMachineToTransition
org.argouml.ui.explorer.rules.GoStateToIncomingTrans
org.argouml.ui.explorer.rules.GoStateToOutgoingTrans
org.argouml.ui.explorer.rules.GoStatemachineToDiagram
org.argouml.uml.diagram.DiagramFactory Refinement
org.argouml.uml.diagram.UmlDiagramRenderer Refinement
org.argouml.uml.diagram.state.PredIsFinalState
org.argouml.uml.diagram.state.PredIsStartState
org.argouml.uml.diagram.state.StateDiagramGraphModel Refinement
org.argouml.uml.diagram.state.ui.ActionCreatePseudostate
org.argouml.uml.diagram.state.ui.ButtonActionNewCallEvent Refinement
org.argouml.uml.diagram.state.ui.ButtonActionNewChangeEvent Refinement
org.argouml.uml.diagram.state.ui.ButtonActionNewEffect
org.argouml.uml.diagram.state.ui.ButtonActionNewEvent Refinement
org.argouml.uml.diagram.state.ui.ButtonActionNewSignalEvent Refinement
org.argouml.uml.diagram.state.ui.ButtonActionNewTimeEvent Refinement
org.argouml.uml.diagram.state.ui.FigBranchState
org.argouml.uml.diagram.state.ui.FigCompositeState
org.argouml.uml.diagram.state.ui.FigConcurrentRegion
org.argouml.uml.diagram.state.ui.FigDeepHistoryState
org.argouml.uml.diagram.state.ui.FigFinalState Refinement
org.argouml.uml.diagram.state.ui.FigFinalState makeSelection() Refinement
org.argouml.uml.diagram.state.ui.FigForkState
org.argouml.uml.diagram.state.ui.FigHistoryState
org.argouml.uml.diagram.state.ui.FigInitialState
org.argouml.uml.diagram.state.ui.FigJoinState
org.argouml.uml.diagram.state.ui.FigJunctionState
org.argouml.uml.diagram.state.ui.FigShallowHistoryState
org.argouml.uml.diagram.state.ui.FigSimpleState
org.argouml.uml.diagram.state.ui.FigState
org.argouml.uml.diagram.state.ui.FigStubState
org.argouml.uml.diagram.state.ui.FigSubmachineState
org.argouml.uml.diagram.state.ui.FigSynchState
org.argouml.uml.diagram.state.ui.InitStateDiagram
org.argouml.uml.diagram.state.ui.PropPanelUMLStateDiagram
org.argouml.uml.diagram.state.ui.SelectionState
org.argouml.uml.diagram.state.ui.StateDiagramPropPanelFactory
org.argouml.uml.diagram.state.ui.UMLStateDiagram
org.argouml.uml.diagram.ui.ActionAddConcurrentRegion Refinement
org.argouml.uml.ui.ActionStateDiagram
org.argouml.uml.ui.behavior.state_machines.PropPanelTransition PropPanelTransition() Refinement
org.argouml.uml.ui.behavior.state_machines.PropPanelTransition Refinement
org.argouml.uml.ui.behavior.state_machines.PropPanelTransition getTriggerActions()