org.argouml.application.Main initializeSubsystems(SimpleTimer,SplashScreen) Refinement
org.argouml.sequence2.diagram.ActionAddClassifierRole makeNode()
org.argouml.sequence2.diagram.SequenceDiagramGraphModel connect(Object,Object,Object,Object) Refinement
org.argouml.sequence2.diagram.SequenceDiagramGraphModel getCollaboration()
org.argouml.sequence2.diagram.SequenceDiagramGraphModel setCollaboration(Object)
org.argouml.sequence2.diagram.UMLSequenceDiagram UMLSequenceDiagram(Object) Refinement
org.argouml.sequence2.diagram.UMLSequenceDiagram getCollaboration()
org.argouml.sequence2.diagram.UMLSequenceDiagram initialize(Object) Refinement
org.argouml.sequence2.diagram.UMLSequenceDiagram makeNewCR(Object) Refinement
org.argouml.sequence2.diagram.UMLSequenceDiagram postLoad() Refinement
org.argouml.sequence2.diagram.UMLSequenceDiagram relocate(Object) Refinement
org.argouml.ui.cmd.GenericArgoMenuBar initMenuCreate() Refinement
org.argouml.ui.explorer.ExplorerPopup ExplorerPopup(Object,MouseEvent) Refinement
org.argouml.ui.explorer.ExplorerPopup initMenuCreateDiagrams() Refinement
org.argouml.ui.explorer.PerspectiveManager getDefaultPerspectives() Refinement
org.argouml.ui.explorer.rules.GoCollaborationToDiagram Refinement
org.argouml.ui.explorer.rules.GoCollaborationToDiagram getChildren(Object) Refinement
org.argouml.ui.explorer.rules.GoNamespaceToDiagram getChildren(Object) Refinement
org.argouml.uml.diagram.DiagramFactory DiagramFactory() Refinement
org.argouml.uml.diagram.DiagramFactory createDiagram(Class,Object,Object) Refinement
org.argouml.uml.diagram.UmlDiagramRenderer getFigNodeFor(Object,int,int,Map) Refinement
org.argouml.uml.diagram.static_structure.ui.UMLClassDiagram drop(Object,Point) Refinement